Rahul 
Email Id: rahul@gmail.com
Career Profile
Having 4+ Years of work experience in Electrical Project & Maintenance.
Good understanding of Electrical Drawings, Planning of Projects, Erection & Maintenance.
Both practical as well as theoretical knowledge of Different Electrical Instruments.
Technical Qualities
Electrical Projects & Maintenance
Good understanding of Electrical Drawings, Planning of Projects, Erection & Maintenance.
Both practical as well as theoretical knowledge of Different Electrical Instruments.
Working more efficiently and productively so that maximum output comes.
Strategic Planning
Regular analyzing of organizations Electrical Load Consumption with Ratios and analysis.
Planning & scheduling assignments to achieve pre-set goals within time parameters. Formulating long term/short term strategic plans to enhance operations.
Computer Proficiency
Well versed in Windows-98, Windows XP and Windows 7.
Proficiency in entire MS-Office
Good understanding of Internet tools
Personal Qualities
Excellent Communication, listening and motivating skills.
Ability to learn quickly is my forte that has helped me successfully manage various jobs given.
Ability to work with a team of dedicated professionals for achieving the deadlines for the execution of work.
Key Projects Handled
Project 1: XXXX
Designation: Assistant Electrical Engineer (Project & Maintenance)
Responsibilities
Handling of electrical load as per requirement.
Erection HT & LT transmission line & sub-station (33KV).
To co-ordinate with Electrical Contractor for Electrification, Execution, Erection & Commissioning.
To provide the entire electrical solutions as per requirement.
To maintain the DPR.
To check the entire work as according to approved drawings.
To co-ordinate with MPSEB for all electrical approvals.
Project 2: ABC
Designation: Junior Electrical Engineer (Project & Maintenance)
Responsibilities
Handling of electrical load as per requirement.
To provide the entire electrical solutions as per requirement.
To provide the proper Preventive maintenance of machines.
Maintenance of boiler (8MT, 12MT, 20MT).
Maintenance of thermal fluid (25Kcal, 40Kcal).
Project 3: LMN
Designation: Junior Electrical Engineer (Maintenance)
Responsibilities
Handling of electrical load as per requirement.
Analysis of electrical consumption & consumed demand.
Daily maintain the power consumption report.
Weekly preparing the Formats of Preventive Maintenance.